Su Ran, you have pink eye, right?
You can see that the number above is me.
Su Ran, do you know what design is?
I don't know anything. What are you pretending to be here?
That is, when it is my assistant to the president, it is Wang Yicai
The attitude of the president's wife is ridiculous
Su Ran, are you suspecting that Sun Jian and I are cheating?
Our mechanism is very strict
If you don't believe me, you must always believe Sun Jian, right?
Su Ran, I can really guarantee it.
The entire review did not violate the rules.
Su Ran, you said that this blueprint was designed by you.
Do you have any evidence?
Why can't you take it out?
How dare you slander me?
I have a way to restore the truth of the matter
Whoever drew it first designed it
Yeah, that's a good idea.
justice and fairness
Oops, I've had a bad headache recently.
I can't remember.
So soon?
Is there anything else Xiaoqing can say?